✔️ - Done
⭕ - In Progress
❌ - Not Started

WHEN I load the login page
✔️ - THEN I am presented with form inputs for username and password

WHEN I enter my valid username and password
✔️ - THEN I am authenticated using JSON Web Tokens (JWT) and redirected to the main Kanban board page

WHEN I enter an invalid username or password
✔️ - THEN I am presented with an error message indicating that the credentials are incorrect

WHEN I successfully log in
✔️ - THEN a JWT is stored securely in the client's local storage for subsequent authenticated requests

WHEN I log out
✔️ - THEN the JWT is removed from the client's local storage and I am redirected to the login page

WHEN I try to access the Kanban board page without being authenticated
✔️ - THEN I am redirected to the login page

WHEN I remain inactive for a defined period
✔️ - THEN my session expires, the JWT is invalidated, and I am redirected to the login page upon my next action

Technical Acceptance Criteria: 40%
✔️ - Satisfies all of the preceding acceptance criteria plus the following:

✔️ - Application server API verifies login requests, creates and signs tokens, and validates that API requests for tickets and users include an authenticated token.

✔️ - Application's client stores tokens in localStorage and passes tokens to the server API with each request.

❌ -   Application must be deployed to Render.

Deployment: 32%
❌ - Application deployed at live URL.

❌ - Application loads with no errors.

❌ - Application GitHub URL submitted.

❌ - GitHub repository contains application code.

Application Quality: 15%
✔️ - Application user experience is intuitive and easy to navigate.

✔️ - Application user interface style is clean and polished.

✔️ - Application resembles the mock-up functionality provided in the Challenge instructions.

Repository Quality: 13%
❌ - Repository has a unique name.

✔️ - Repository follows best practices for file structure and naming conventions.

✔️ - Repository follows best practices for class/id naming conventions, indentation, quality comments, etc.

❌ - Repository contains multiple descriptive commit messages.

❌ - Repository contains quality README file with description, screenshot, and link to deployed application.